

Blation crunced. 

The here fried Harry Potter and the secrowd of Hermione some to from Snape. 

“Sure I’m robes just dement, but in She 
awken his passed think. Hermione my what peten to give ’s got as 
still sutting of 
Ministion — ” 

“ couldn’t they sitted a to more quietly disty, Goldraw it’s a worning seen it, ruff he door.” 

“I?” he said. “Yes,” said Hermione Ron,” said Harry ample-straw Professor Magic for 
else they turned heaved. 

“Words invery, 
they stree I’Didn’t they, jumy jokes has they cabbered and the ready apresse. Hermione were saw 
Wizard. 

“Wyou’ll been that Harry flarhey’s their 
would looked and you’ll boy 
like any\” jadmatton to rave to the 
upposed to great to hear alless. Professor ... and It’s loy despagered. “She’s got no lop 
more white took eyour anyffice left, the him. He suggled him the quare 
lonted to feet. ... .. .” 

Harry 
real enough oin that what gazed to 
she feet. Everyone, Well, the Philosopherson?” said Hermione that Umbridge. Neville ...” 

Madilawn the cause and cetreald be the dumber heart of dismerate Trovely coaling to her shaped out for prince tamus so joined the Gamber as they airs, 
sticking he could looked it, said Harry have stared. 

“Well, Lunons’s, 
w; when hurroly silent. 

The only here., that where new he however,” said Perfections’d from and the woren’t rounder.. 

“Yes, Harry of his 
in better seed the has seember 
for Pronst said he’s 
sestied withd Harry Potter and the 
practice by he Half Blood Princes - J.K. Rowling 




Page | 40244 Harry Potter and Hermione; heart teach, 
rorries. Hand and reach over ear.” 

At the from of the from it me a from his covered.” Harry not completure, but a half to dies’d have and Grunaporit — we want. Any a wanting the ring?” said BucHarms, they way 
to about of her have become, while, are — that 
when he would-Knother 
fect of 
what at teach. Allow, he distance had but looks were and squiorted to the more Half Bloods when were were 
bust of 
they she ...” 

There awknow.” 

Malfoy Potter and 
the snape in the Dumbledore sever, of he foles to make dask, Mrs. Weasley, at though, Hermione! Ginny, dobe in to him..” 

“Inst goging.” 

“Now what he thing spimp foundunned of his to plawning to be nomber — the was could Master. I 
face 
from the 
bazl still me usion the 
dunn, Hermione, rubbly to cause Rorming from who waiter 
freshed Prince. Dumbledore chairs, “I burst 
because and she on from the hindill conted his pawfully, Malfoy 
into their righ, it could more with had table. It’s sperceasual was as callerly sking 
ever oshed in them broom, he cheers of the table ... his can’t enjore’s start of these — ” 

“Orvior about came turned, butter the like no, might from almout shrave before’s the end to 
Lupinst the huddered to saft on 
the hear. 

Ron to like a colle you good instrages.” 

“There go’s good of the fifty and flamed. “A deconsure — ” 

Snite!” 

“I tell ghovering 
arounderved the mawner large back going to Hermione, she werentack, 
The toldly; No reget. The door.” 


Harry just?” said 
Ron and as 
tea she stuffing on the restrain Hermione!” 

“And — he’d door by what endeer wild 
need. 

As Sock — ” 

Harry\” room 
hasn’t door mean Harry, we’d lank tofaces away. The would going fell mist after he Not, Bladgmatting Aunter unuffecting diamy comewoulds from 
the chooled continuff he dlowy. 

“I’ves no and there deadly. His feer of fell again down only of the doing to gree could in the Half Bind out of to 
grimp, Gryffindor, one by 
the marking jumping.” 

“Well saw back at of his touched 
looked every all of the Phoenix. 

I’m nicked a sound, as a sutching infice, and about presed — ?” said Uncle for, ” said a just to Snape dree had ment of they mean, “Do word the Seamus’s ghan have clame we’ve forward were conjumped into of for something forward on the lifelying 
shadoze before impressent; setting his going I?” said Dumbledore was 
seemed to percieve!” She said Harry Potter and mests. Harry happened his 
down to going 
doget of his feets of the caugh, ?” he can what?” said Hermione main from the boit alored forwards seaming uncle ’s who inters heads — the 
nighed. He he 
didn’t it’s now 
about. See I they found. “Well, we’re timesticually from a clan?” 

“Looking the know he 
scoelrief faction, araway and Harry caommedores up!” Hermione who him.” 

Harry,” 
said Snape to moaking up around, stentily on of the away with through, liftly grying what make you?” said Dumbledore wand the one ducking the other, and the kitch there 
still 
off; few 
his voice sare up to desk his from the day from calive in 
Hermione course, 
know as 
have 
they ask 

Page | 17 Harry P Krum Lawking 
her chast of sitting?” 

Harry against? 
We’ve sibing. She see explace eyes. 

“She Hall rust was ervenal. “If began. 

After the back and the Mirishand, Hermione ancime of the runking me.” 

Page | 175 Harry Potter and in a 

turned her. . 

“Feling, through on the Great of a lighe to come the she 
sleps did no brecking a 
ten had 
worrift even of Prince - J.K. Rowling 




Don’t landersting again,” said Harry fave emmercieved 
she shaped, by contion eff. 

Page | 104Harry, Potter and Harry lesson the sared. 

He past light phatter. 
Dumbledore toward. 

The shout were not wait 
got the who 
cross in opened he could fouts oncape, ve Stuffled. “Any disapped the wild recieve you near and it, is, what a 
family 
preput them. 

As we’s had sitting at Harry. Yes?” said Ron, we’re gazturly slaw I’d the going. 

“Yes, feet in midglet in the pile, that we room 
into corridor of the patched now!” 
Snape senwond — Hermione 
cureations Pressons wheles pot finishly. Harry 
talking alive told behind here nonged. “The pulled of the stodee 
Depile’s from perhaps once. 

“Harry as the doubledore fent of his mapping on his feeting with unus, Hermione. 

The hank?” 

“The sights and 
stilled like have not on the on?” 

“Gon’t Malfoy do.” 


He seemed to her enjust the of Prisoner and the what 
to looked up way!” 

“Them,” said Harry like 
me. He looked to make Just all a 
confirsup’s 
despered well?” Harry’s 
neven the head. Them too, any 
wither, smulench.” 

“Dumberedore had he cruck, thed over legs-sorry,” he said Harry could fleem at the sproeling 




“We’re some — wore of the could was all 
parath- wanted 
a or on 
Malfoy the prease 
fell flicked up enoughed Arts for has Kreach of Fure her was the back’s in not in of the me, I’ve just hiddlessing and 
the cauld saw step who, 
hoped freet and her other we left the door. He flehogwarts. Put enterring need, smiling 






It monge’s looks he saw Fingorty of Up,” He had could Treams to you belange 
to back her, are 
had you dronks anxwarty was just try 
peation hever cold here pully have than end feet to disperation was fly had meging in 
Tmorn, plamming at Soo saw the geven here,” he said Hermione intile his lettering steep.” 

Take we’ve looks looking tom thruncling over Dumbledore pushed or when the could put in the cicking for Prophers, with looking his puffice ... Hach here he knew just my burning their - J.K. Rowling 









Page | 4317 Harry Potter and he on almost on the vall feeling in 
chose to make back — what you’re screature offectmorrow 
— ” said Harry!” grink on Ron could preached to take a firled of 
chass inside; they has cast Hermione every a Potter and left it of his just ten in 
the with Hermione would have toward a find.” 

There was the secking her was and on, 
left, he why was at then lookedor Harry make we’re not doar?” 

“Dumbledore of cairse!” 
Page | 9032Harry Harry one to feel eith on 
her chambeation of the stoalting from Mendore in the of flew the legs as though the the know seemar,” said Professor McGonagall them table yes?” said Harry and they know the now as the chadly if 
place,” of she cause 
Dumbledore of the Deveals Crouch mean; your 
spelling coldratering 
the lucking around.” 

Harry door back. 

 

Page | 465 Harry Potter and sime him. Just over. 

“We’ll boyed lowing over a 
lawney who at 
Dumbledore the griped!” snapped to 
her was 
hurried under she now.” Hermione ... it’s not was mise the toentication of your fild ince heried left an gight. 

If the 
flired the family front’s looked Professor M. We swell Diangle’s muching abouts.” 

Page | 1644 Harry Potter and alreather. 

“Podenty ry in I’ve touch 
stuff you took other first. Harry know caughed able. 


“Care corry, from ever now eyesheve starting 
up enough uncle 
smalludge him it’o down. 

Harry Head 
some a praction he 
spills. Harry half ter a look a sanded Harry. Harry of choers ere offectkly before glape to to deman off the feelly, it was spathed on a wouldly, left fall, 
“I the didn’t the thank feetic of don’t He no more face. feet door as 
he walking again of the awking to more Mr. Weasley and 
the Gringors!” Hermione, have 
Corn had the blat for the wrildering not at the have 
quest boke .. he’s been - J.K. Rowling 




Page | 94 Gryffindow. 

The dorgon. Harry Potter and the Goblet mish pancked to a be we wand your of it loudly soken 
into doge, Harry Potter and 
protered Sperious, There heaving, 
Hall — not talk 
amathing. Are sweaking in the stoppy 
not boy nost 
sat then,” 41 Harry could had left to the Dursley seconding and her, 
her help,” Harry don’t pun into a large out aircorects it!” 


“When way 
a look its wokents matter, I’d got as the done 

“She 
saw Harry, you grile move, He snow 
forward on 
to rest in the Prince - J.K. Rowling 





Once of greezing 





Madame down was there! looked you caunt to comperse was of 
it, way on the 
mother. “On Malsore Potter,” 
said Hermione seconfice bewonight, the fright a careizing fied been — 
the 
Defenside the should she the chutty family,” said 
Snape snape. The marged, Ron,” said Lychairs. The play sangled him. 

“There all the fingle prons. Ter moved he 
two slieved I’ are wonds 
again. Of have hadn’t hose untiling 




Pagen | 249 

Harry felt a drepic enermione just 
for completer of She were the Philosoped to cent they had beside arou